Update activation-19.md (#5228)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/get-started-19/activation-19.md

>Applies To: Windows Server 2019, Windows Server 2016

> [!NOTE]

> > It is highly recommended to implement ADBA (Active Directory Activation) instead of KMS, as well as migrating existing KMS for modern products to ADBA.<br/>

Reviewer: Looks like I missed a detail in the explanation for the initialism ADBA:
```suggestion
> It is highly recommended to implement ADBA (Active Directory-Based Activation) instead of KMS, as well as migrating existing KMS for modern products to ADBA.<br/>
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > It is greatly advised to implement ADBA (Active Directory Activation) instead of KMS, aswell as migrating existing KMS for modern products to ADBA. 
> > ADBA supports every OS of Windows Server 2012 and newer, respectively Windows 8.1 or newer, aswell as Office 2013 or newer.
> > An exception are Microsoft 365 Office Apps for Business, which are activated via Internet, only.
> >
> > References: 
> > [How to implement ADBA](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/volume-activation/activate-using-active-directory-based-activation-client)
> > [ADBA Overview & Scenarios](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/volume-activation/active-directory-based-activation-overview) 

Reviewer: Grammar improvement suggestions and forced line breaks:
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> It is highly recommended to implement ADBA (Active Directory Activation) instead of KMS, as well as migrating existing KMS for modern products to ADBA.<br/>
> ADBA supports Windows Server 2012 and newer, Windows 8.1 or newer, as well as Office 2013 or newer.<br/>
> One exception is Microsoft 365 Office Apps for Business, which can only be activated via the Internet.
>
> References:<br/>
> [How to implement ADBA](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/volume-activation/activate-using-active-directory-based-activation-client)<br/>
> [ADBA Overview & Scenarios](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/volume-activation/active-directory-based-activation-overview)
```
